Add document for etcd state store (#3272)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-etcd.md

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: <NAME>
spec:
  type: state.etcd
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: endpoints
    value: <CONNECTION STRING> # Required. Example: 192.168.0.1:2379,192.168.0.2:2379,192.168.0.3:2379
  - name: keyPrefixPath
    value: <KEY PREFIX STRING> # Optional. default: "". Example: "dapr"
  - name: tlsEnable
    value: <ENABLE TLS> # Optional. Example: "false"
  - name: ca
    value: <CA> # Optional.
  - name: cert
    value: <CERT> # Optional.
  - name: key
    value: <KEY> # Optional.
```

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
The above example uses secrets as plain strings. It is recommended to use a secret store for the secrets as described [here]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

## Spec metadata fields

| Field              | Required | Details | Example |
|--------------------|:--------:|---------|---------|
| endpoints          | Y        | Connection string to Etcd server | `"192.168.0.1:2379,192.168.0.2:2379,192.168.0.3:2379"`
| keyPrefixPath      | N        | Key prefix path in Etcd. Default is `""` | `"dapr"`
| tlsEnable          | N        | Whether to enable tls  | `"false"`

> | ca                 | N        | Contents of Etcd server CA file | `"ca value"`

Reviewer: @taenyang - For the `ca`, `cert` and `key` examples we have found that either point to documentation or providing more real world examples are better here. The goal here is clarity if there are any specific on how these value should be provided i.e. the Format of the strings. Is there anything special needed?

Author: Add reference to use component-secrets and real example values for ca, cert and key.

| cert               | N        | Contents of Etcd server certificate file. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).| `"-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nMIIDUTCC..."`
| key                | N        | Contents of Etcd server key file. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).| `"-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----\nMIIEpAIB..."`

## Setup Etcd

{{< tabs "Self-Hosted" "Kubernetes" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

> You can run Etcd locally using Docker Compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Etcd database locally using Docker Compose. Create a new file called `docker-compose.yml` and add the following contents as an example:
```

```
version: '2'
services:
  etcd:
    image: gcr.io/etcd-development/etcd:v3.4.20
    ports:
      - "12379:2379"
    command: etcd --listen-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379 --advertise-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379```
```
You can then interact with the server using `localhost:12379`.

{{% /codetab %}}

{{% codetab %}}

> We can use [Helm](https://helm.sh/) to quickly create an Etcd instance in our Kubernetes cluster. This approach requires [Installing Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm#install).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [Helm](https://helm.sh/) to quickly create an Etcd instance in your Kubernetes cluster. This approach requires [Installing Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm#install).
```

>       - "12379:2379"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - "2379:2379"
```

> Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/etcd) to get started with setting up Etcd in Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the [Bitnami instructions](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/etcd) to get started with setting up Etcd in Kubernetes.
```

> You can then interact with the server using `localhost:12379`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the docker-compose.yml file and run the following command to start the Etcd server:

`docker-compose up -d`

This starts the Etcd server in the background using the expose the default Etcd port of `2379`. You can then interact with the server using the `etcdctl` command-line client on `localhost:12379`. For example

```
etcdctl --endpoints=localhost:2379 put mykey myvalue

```

```

| cert               | N        | Contents of Etcd server certificate file. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).| `"-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----\nMIIDUTCC..."`
| key                | N        | Contents of Etcd server key file. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).| `"-----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY-----\nMIIEpAIB..."`

## Setup Etcd

{{< tabs "Self-Hosted" "Kubernetes" >}}

{{% codetab %}}

You can run Etcd locally using Docker Compose:
```
version: '2'
services:
  etcd:
    image: gcr.io/etcd-development/etcd:v3.4.20
    ports:
      - "12379:2379"
    command: etcd --listen-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379 --advertise-client-urls http://0.0.0.0:2379```
```
Save the docker-compose.yml file and run the following command to start the Etcd server:

`docker-compose up -d`

This starts the Etcd server in the background using the expose the default Etcd port of `2379`. You can then interact with the server using the `etcdctl` command-line client on `localhost:12379`. For example

> 

Reviewer: ```
etcdctl --endpoints=localhost:2379 put mykey myvalue
```
